README.md, before:

# 📗 Table of Contents

- [📗 Table of Contents](#-table-of-contents)
- [Catalog-of-my-things ](#Catalog-of-my-things-)
  - [🛠 Built With ](#-built-with-)
    - [Tech Stack ](#tech-stack-)
    - [Key Features ](#key-features-)
  - [💻 Getting Started ](#-getting-started-)
    - [Prerequisites](#prerequisites)
    - [Setup](#setup)
    - [Run Tests](#run-tests)
  - [👥 Authors ](#-authors-)
- [🔭 Future Features:](#-future-features)
  - [🤝 Contributing ](#-contributing-)
  - [⭐️ Show your support ](#️-show-your-support-)
  - [🙏 Acknowledgments ](#-acknowledgments-)
  - [📝 License ](#-license-)

<!-- PROJECT DESCRIPTION -->

# Catalog-of-my-things <a name="about-project"></a>

> Ruby capstone project

## 🛠 Built With <a name="built-with"></a>

### Tech Stack <a name="tech-stack"></a>

<details>
  <summary>Client</summary>
  <ul>
    <li><a href="https://www.ruby-lang.org/en/">Ruby</a></li>
  </ul>
</details>

<!-- Features -->

### Key Features <a name="key-features"></a>

- Console app that helps record different things
- Based on the UML class diagram
- Storing data in JSON files

<p align="right">(<a href="#readme-top">back to top</a>)</p>

<!-- GETTING STARTED -->

## 💻 Getting Started <a name="getting-started"></a>

### Prerequisites

In order to run this project you need:

- Installed Git.
- Installed Ruby
- Installed RSpec gem
- Create a local directory that you want to clone the repository.
- Open the command prompt in the created directory.
- On the terminal run this command git clone https://github.com/abel-tefera/catalog-of-my-things.git

### Setup

Clone this repository to your desired folder:

```sh
git clone https://github.com/Abel-tefera/catalog-of-my-things.git
```

```sh
cd catalog-of-my-things
```

```sh
bundle install
```

```sh
gem install rspec
```

### Run Tests

```sh
rspec spec
```

<p align="right">(<a href="#readme-top">back to top</a>)</p>

<!-- AUTHORS -->

## 👥 Authors <a name="authors"></a>

### 👤 **Abel tefera**:

- GitHub: [@abel-tefera](https://github.com/abel-tefera)
- Twitter: [@twitter](https://twitter.com/abelteferabelay)
- LinkedIn: [@linkedin](https://www.linkedin.com/in/abel-t-belay/)

### 👤 **Harriet Oteng**:

- GitHub: [@githubhandle](https://github.com/newhoteng)
- Twitter: [@twitterhandle](https://twitter.com/HarrietOteng1)
- LinkedIn: [LinkedIn](https://www.linkedin.com/in/harriet-oteng/)

### 👤 **Fatihah Oduwole**:

- GitHub: [@jeddaa](https://github.com/jeddaa)
- Twitter: [@\_jeddaah](https://twitter.com/_jeddaah)
- LinkedIn: [Fatihah oduwole](https://www.linkedin.com/in/fatihahoduwole/)

# 🔭 Future Features:

- Option to remove selected book.
- Option to add genre to selected book.

## 🤝 Contributing <a name="contributing"></a>

Contributions, issues, and feature requests are welcome!

Feel free to check the [issues page](../../issues/).

<p align="right">(<a href="#readme-top">back to top</a>)</p>

<!-- SUPPORT -->

## ⭐️ Show your support <a name="support"></a>

If you liked this project, give it a ⭐️ and kindly send to me an e-mail expressing it, it would make our day and fuel our motivation.

<p align="right">(<a href="#readme-top">back to top</a>)</p>

<!-- ACKNOWLEDGEMENTS -->

## 🙏 Acknowledgments <a name="acknowledgements"></a>

We would like to thank Microverse team for this journey.

<p align="right">(<a href="#readme-top">back to top</a>)</p>

<!-- LICENSE -->

## 📝 License <a name="license"></a>

This project is [MIT](./LICENSE) licensed.

<p align="right">(<a href="#readme-top">back to top</a>)</p>

Commit message:

Added video link to readme

README.md, after:

# 📗 Table of Contents

- [📗 Table of Contents](#-table-of-contents)
- [Catalog-of-my-things ](#Catalog-of-my-things-)
  - [🛠 Built With ](#-built-with-)
    - [Tech Stack ](#tech-stack-)
    - [Key Features ](#key-features-)
  - [💻 Getting Started ](#-getting-started-)
    - [Prerequisites](#prerequisites)
    - [Setup](#setup)
    - [Run Tests](#run-tests)
  - [Video Presentation](#video-presentation)
  - [👥 Authors ](#-authors-)
- [🔭 Future Features:](#-future-features)
  - [🤝 Contributing ](#-contributing-)
  - [⭐️ Show your support ](#️-show-your-support-)
  - [🙏 Acknowledgments ](#-acknowledgments-)
  - [📝 License ](#-license-)

<!-- PROJECT DESCRIPTION -->

# Catalog-of-my-things <a name="about-project"></a>

> Ruby capstone project

## 🛠 Built With <a name="built-with"></a>

### Tech Stack <a name="tech-stack"></a>

<details>
  <summary>Client</summary>
  <ul>
    <li><a href="https://www.ruby-lang.org/en/">Ruby</a></li>
  </ul>
</details>

<!-- Features -->

### Key Features <a name="key-features"></a>

- Console app that helps record different things
- Based on the UML class diagram
- Storing data in JSON files

<p align="right">(<a href="#readme-top">back to top</a>)</p>

<!-- GETTING STARTED -->

## 💻 Getting Started <a name="getting-started"></a>

### Prerequisites

In order to run this project you need:

- Installed Git.
- Installed Ruby
- Installed RSpec gem
- Create a local directory that you want to clone the repository.
- Open the command prompt in the created directory.
- On the terminal run this command git clone https://github.com/abel-tefera/catalog-of-my-things.git

### Setup

Clone this repository to your desired folder:

```sh
git clone https://github.com/Abel-tefera/catalog-of-my-things.git
```

```sh
cd catalog-of-my-things
```

```sh
bundle install
```

```sh
gem install rspec
```

### Run Tests

```sh
rspec spec
```

<p align="right">(<a href="#readme-top">back to top</a>)</p>

<!-- VIDEO PRESENTATION -->

## 👥 Video Presentation <a name="video-presentation"></a>

[Here](https://drive.google.com/file/d/1VtbUha66isvGzbdF9du85JQfc79ocXbK/view?usp=sharing) is the link to the video presentation

<!-- AUTHORS -->

## 👥 Authors <a name="authors"></a>

### 👤 **Abel tefera**:

- GitHub: [@abel-tefera](https://github.com/abel-tefera)
- Twitter: [@twitter](https://twitter.com/abelteferabelay)
- LinkedIn: [@linkedin](https://www.linkedin.com/in/abel-t-belay/)

### 👤 **Harriet Oteng**:

- GitHub: [@githubhandle](https://github.com/newhoteng)
- Twitter: [@twitterhandle](https://twitter.com/HarrietOteng1)
- LinkedIn: [LinkedIn](https://www.linkedin.com/in/harriet-oteng/)

### 👤 **Fatihah Oduwole**:

- GitHub: [@jeddaa](https://github.com/jeddaa)
- Twitter: [@\_jeddaah](https://twitter.com/_jeddaah)
- LinkedIn: [Fatihah oduwole](https://www.linkedin.com/in/fatihahoduwole/)

# 🔭 Future Features:

- Option to remove selected book.
- Option to add genre to selected book.

## 🤝 Contributing <a name="contributing"></a>

Contributions, issues, and feature requests are welcome!

Feel free to check the [issues page](../../issues/).

<p align="right">(<a href="#readme-top">back to top</a>)</p>

<!-- SUPPORT -->

## ⭐️ Show your support <a name="support"></a>

If you liked this project, give it a ⭐️ and kindly send to me an e-mail expressing it, it would make our day and fuel our motivation.

<p align="right">(<a href="#readme-top">back to top</a>)</p>

<!-- ACKNOWLEDGEMENTS -->

## 🙏 Acknowledgments <a name="acknowledgements"></a>

We would like to thank Microverse team for this journey.

<p align="right">(<a href="#readme-top">back to top</a>)</p>

<!-- LICENSE -->

## 📝 License <a name="license"></a>

This project is [MIT](./LICENSE) licensed.

<p align="right">(<a href="#readme-top">back to top</a>)</p>
